Update project info and remove redundant info (#202)
etsap-TIMES/xl2times: CONTRIBUTING.md

  - [Improving The Documentation](#improving-the-documentation)
- [Styleguides](#styleguides)
  - [Commit Messages](#commit-messages)
- [Join The Project Team](#join-the-project-team)

## Code of Conduct

This project and everyone participating in it is governed by the
[xl2times Code of Conduct](https://github.com/etsap-TIMES/xl2times/blob//CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
By participating, you are expected to uphold this code. Please report unacceptable behavior
to <support@etsap.org>.

## I Have a Question

> If you want to ask a question, we assume that you have read the available [Documentation](https://xl2times.readthedocs.io/).

Before you ask a question, it is best to search for existing [Issues](https://github.com/etsap-TIMES/xl2times/issues) that might help you. In case you have found a suitable issue and still need clarification, you can write your question in this issue. It is also advisable to search the internet for answers first.

If you then still feel the need to ask a question and need clarification, we recommend the following:

- Open an [Issue](https://github.com/etsap-TIMES/xl2times/issues/new).
- Provide as much context as you can about what you're running into.

> - Provide project and platform versions (nodejs, npm, etc), depending on what seems relevant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Provide project and platform versions (at least: OS, python), depending on what seems relevant.
```
